hey whats up guys it's scarce here and
today I my top 5 under editors we got
some super super underrated guys here
and if you don't know my top 5
underrated players will be coming out
this weekend so leave a like if you're
excited for that and you do enjoy the
series at all it helps out the series
quite a bit and helps it grow and for
this first edit here we have high from
one editor who literally just joined hi
it's actually a pretty sick edit I think
it's a little over edited but obviously
that's what he was going for it with
that because that might make you love my
dog just got just passes as the smoke I
stayed hot bitch don't mess me right
this is my life I'm all right I'd be
smoking white all day and night I'm a
vice higher the flight do you do me
right and so with us we know such a
bitch bitch you just a bitch talkin shit
03 at the number four spot we have detox
with his 150k saw recruitment challenge
response this guy actually ended up
making saw through that so great pick up
guys because this is an unbelievable
edit I thought it was extremely clean
the sinking was really nice and you guys
will see right here i'm sure some of you
will think the same
you
at number three we have a personal
episode edit and this is from distract
he's such a great editor and he edited
for a phase memories everything for
phase twist he's still not that big in
the community I personally think he
should be much much bigger because he
has some really really clean editing and
i just love some of the parts of his
edit like i'm pretty sure there's player
card was like spinning and stuff there
was just some really cool things in this
edit and i thought it'd sink really well
and the song is pretty nice i'm sure a
lot of you guys won't enjoy this
ah
at number two we have Regan with an
insane edit this guy is so underrated he
only has a few hundred subscribers and I
personally really did enjoy this edit
and I'm sure a lot of you guys will as
well
perfect for me the shovers so don't wear
your thinks of me the tank come on at
number one we got a cute from this crazy
under editor it's from skiz this guy is
unbelievable I don't know how he's not
up there with like some of the biggest
editors because he definitely tries
extremely hard on everything that he
does on every big project that he's had
he's made some crazy things in this
community and this is actually a PC
montage on black ops 2 but i still think
some of these cinematics are insane like
look at that oh my god you guys just
need to watch this
Oh
so that ends off my top five under rated
editors I hope you guys do enjoy this
series if you do drop a like it means a
lot let's try to get this like 3,000
likes I'm choking guys if we could get
this 1500 likes I personally be happy it
just be amazing and make my day and also
my last type of under editors did
amazing as well if you have not seen
that i'll put a playlist in the link
below so you guys can go check that out
and you could also use the google docs
form in the description to submit any
edits you want they could be from your
friends they can be from your favorite
youtuber whatever the fuck you want guys
just submit edits that are underrated
and you must be subscribed in like this
video you could also check out my
previous video which is me talking about
the obey recruitment challenge that's
coming soon it's pretty interesting
stuff it's on the link on the left of
the screen and then you can also check
out my mystery video which is my
giveaway I just want to thank you guys
so much for eighty thousand subscribers
that I did this giveaway and you can
also subscribe if you're new I'll see
you later peace